# Audit Tutorial Meeting #6- 28/08/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward*

## Attendance (7/7):

- [X] Alex Boxall
- [X] Hexuan Meng
- [X] Filip Mazur
- [X] Edward Nivison
- [X] Rachel Cao
- [X] Sineeha Kodwani
- [X] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- Perform our audit at 5:00pm-5:30pm
- Attend and ask questions for the shadow team's presentation.

## Content from the meeting

### Feedback

- We should look at making the colours for the frontend have more contrast, and possibly make an option for users to change the colour scheme if it doesn't work for them.
- We should look at expanding the project output section on the landing page, this could possibly be adding some more words and images possibly to the landing page. Or making the README.md in the output folder have more prominent and easy to look at output. This is so they can see what we have outputted. Perhaps we could also link to important areas of our github that shows output, such as linking to issues that are closed, or we could look at adding a new label to show issues that are new this semester. Something like that could show our progress this semester.

### Feedback for Shadow Team



## Future Meetings

*Enter future meeting notes here*
