# Team Meeting #4- 19/08/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward*

## Attendance ([Attendance]/7):

- [] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [] Filip Mazur
- [] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [] Sineeha Kodwani
- [] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- Talk over the VM we got from the SoCo Facility team
- Talk about user testing
- Have a demonstratio we can show the user testing if we can.
- Organise with Belinda about talking with some staff members
- Giving the documents/images/videos that Belinda wanted.
- Talk about Audit 2 next week.

## Content from the meeting

*Enter content from the meeting here*

## Future Meetings

*Enter future meeting notes here*
