# Team Meeting #3- 06/03/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*

## Attendance (0/7):

- [] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [] Filip Mazur
- [] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [] Sineeha Kodwani
- [] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

Our agenda for this meeting will be to practice and finalise our preparations for the audit tutorial today including organising slideshows and document notes to be ready for the audit tutorial.

If time allows, we should instruct the team members on how to use GitHub projects to organise tasks, create dummy tasks, create issues from the tasks and whatever else we can use in that situation.
We can then designate someone or a group of members to organise the tasks page to reflect a more detailed approach to our plan for the project.

## Content from the meeting

*Enter content from the meeting here*

## Future Meetings

*Enter future meeting notes here*
