# Team Meeting #2- 05/03/2024
*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*
## Attendance (0/8):

- [] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [] Filip Mazur
- [] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [] Sineeha Kodwani
- [] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:
Organise for the Audit tutorial tomorrow, including an agenda, a structure of how we present the project to the tutorial and more (could be a presentation, could be whatever, for reference look at some of the EdStem discussions).

Discuss the design of the backend algorithm. This means getting a start on it, making sure everyone has a universal (or close enough) IDE, the same programming language versions, etc.

Discuss any needs review or next team meeting issues on GitHub

Discuss the layout of the GitHub (especially what technical reports are).

Try and get the task management stuff working trello, github projects, etc.

Get a start on coding...

## Content from the meeting

*Add information here!*

## Future Meetings

*Add information here!*
