# Team Meeting #4 19/03/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Filip*

## Attendance (6/7):

- [] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [] Filip Mazur
- [] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [] Sineeha Kodwani
- [] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- Everyone's progress throughout last week, and plans for this week
- Any questions for (SoCo Admin)?
- Front end interface thoughts, should we start rough development?
- Audit 2 and SoW doscussion
- Go over projet charter

## Content from the meeting


## Future Meetings

*Enter future meeting notes here*
