# Team Meeting #1- 30/07/2024

*Meeting Minutes by Edward Nivison*

## Attendance ([Attendance]/7):

- [] Alex Boxall
- [] Hexuan Meng
- [] Filip Mazur
- [] Edward Nivison
- [] Rachel Cao
- [] Sineeha Kodwani
- [] Matthew Cawley

## Agenda:

- Talk over the audit next week
- Recap over the project as of now
- Layout a new SoW for this semester and get Belinda to review it.
- Ensure we all have a role that suits everyone and we have a shared workload.
- Perhaps review over administrative elements such as the roadmap, decision logs, reflection logs, etc.
- (personally) I would love to have a review of the whole program so we can all understand what each others section performs, how to understand their code, what we need from each section, and generally improve the clarification of the project with everyone so everyone can help out with what is needed at a time so it isn't heavily reliant on a single person or two, to do a task for a section.
- Building on the previous statement is updating our development documents, installation and setup documents, and more.

All the above is from our communications in Teams by Edward Nivison.

## Content from the meeting

*Enter content from the meeting here*

## Future Meetings

Client meeting is TBD at either:

Wednesday (31/07) 9:30am-10:45am
Wednesday (31/07) 4:00pm-4:30pm
Wednesday (31/07) 5:00pm-5:45pm
Friday (02/08) 10:00am-12:00pm

We are still in communication with the team and figuring out the best time slot to pick for the most attendance possible.
